[IMP] MRP: Scrap during manufacturing (#7238)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/management/scrap_manufacturing.rst

space, but rather a designation in Odoo that is used to track items that are no longer in physical
inventory.

.. seealso::
   For more information, see the documentation about the different types of :ref:`locations
   <inventory/warehouses_storage/inventory_management/warehouses-locations/locations>`

Components can be scrapped from both the *Manufacturing* app and the *Shop Floor* module, before the

> associated manufacturing order (MO) is closed. Finished products can be only be scrapped from the
> *Manufacturing* app, and only after closing the associated |MO|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
associated manufacturing order (MO) is closed. Finished products can only be scrapped from the
*Manufacturing* app, and only after closing the associated |MO|.
```

   :guilabel:`Search...` bar to display all virtual locations. From the list, select the
   :guilabel:`Virtual Locations/Scrap` location.

.. _scrap_components/scrap-window:

Open the Scrap pop-up window
============================

Scrapping components and finished products is done through the :guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up window. Once

> opened, the pop-up window can be filled out in the same way, regardless of how it was accessed.

Reviewer 2: > the pop-up window can be filled out in the same way, regardless of how it was accessed.

I'm a little confused about this sentence here. The pop-up window is filled in the same way as...?

> However, the method for accessing the window differs depending on the type of scrapping taking
> place.

Reviewer 2: Can you help me elaborate what you meant by the different kind of scrapping? Are you referring to the different subsections below?

In that case, how about rewording this sentence to something like:

```suggestion
The
following are three ways of navigating to the :guilabel:`Scrap` window, depending on the app and
product type.
```

Scrap component from Manufacturing
----------------------------------

To scrap a component from an |MO|, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing -->

> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`, and then select an |MO|. At the top of the |MO|, click the
> :guilabel:`Scrap` button to open the :guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`, and then select an |MO|.

At the top of the |MO|, click the :guilabel:`Scrap` button to open the :guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up
window.
```

Totally optional, but since this section is a little short, maybe you can include an image of where the scrap button is. I heard from some ppl in support that they like seeing more pictures, as well! If you decide to do this, I recommend adding screenshots to all the subsections (:

![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/65d02070-aa4b-4be4-b018-8e3b800db4a8)

Author: I try not to include pictures that only point out a single button, especially when it's very easy to find.

Once closed, click the :guilabel:`Scrap` button at the top of the |MO| to open the :guilabel:`Scrap`
pop-up window.

Scrap component from Shop Floor
-------------------------------

To scrap a component from the *Shop Floor* module, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Shop
Floor`. Then, either click the :guilabel:`⋮ (three vertical dots)` button on an |MO| card, or select
a work center from the top navigation, and click the :guilabel:`⋮ (three vertical dots)` button on a
work order card.

Either method opens the :guilabel:`What do you want to do?` pop-up window. Click the
:guilabel:`Scrap` button on the window to open the :guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up window.

Scrap pop-up window
===================

After opening the scrap pop-up window using one of the methods :ref:`detailed above
<scrap_components/scrap-window>`, select the component or finished product being scrapped, from the
:guilabel:`Product` drop-down menu. In the :guilabel:`Quantity` field, enter the quantity being
scrapped.

By default, the :guilabel:`Source Location` field is set to the warehouse's pre-production location,
while the :guilabel:`Scrap Location` field is set to the :guilabel:`Virtual Locations/Scrap`

> location. If either the source or scrap location should be changed, select a different location from

Reviewer 2: Can also maybe elaborate here again that the "Scrap Location" field designates where the scrapped products go

Author: I feel like that would be a bit redundant.

their respective drop-down menus.

Enable the :guilabel:`Replenish Scrapped Quantities` checkbox if a picking order should be created
to replace the scrapped component(s) upon confirmation of the scrap order. This option should only
be enabled for warehouses with :doc:`two-step <two_step_manufacturing>` or :doc:`three-step
<three_step_manufacturing>` manufacturing enabled, since components are not picked as part of the
:doc:`one-step <one_step_manufacturing>` manufacturing process.

.. image:: scrap_manufacturing/scrap-window.png

>   :align: center
>   :alt: The Scrap pop-up window.

Reviewer 2: Slightly not aligned!
```suggestion
   :align: center
   :alt: The Scrap pop-up window.
```

>    :guilabel:`Search...` bar to display all virtual locations. From the list, select the

Reviewer: MENG has recently informed me that we should use the simple "search bar" rather than a GUI label for the search bar, after she saw I was using this very same format. Either way, I think it would be wise to broach this subject with JERO (and/or ZST) to find an agreed-upon solution, because I frequently include the search bar in my docs, and would like to avoid any discrepancies regarding this.

Reviewer: Like we talked about this week, and like you confirmed with ZST, I think it would be best to go with a GUI label for the search -- but I *believe* we landed on removing the following "..." from it. If so, I think it would be best to remove them from this line.

Author: ZST didn't say anything about removing the "...", just that we can keep the GUI label. I'm going to keep it as is, since that's how it appears in my other docs.

Reviewer 3: Hi there @ksc-odoo @hojo-odoo 

There are two options I think that are acceptable:
- ``` guilabel:`Search...` bar```
- search bar

I prefer the gui in most cases because we are directly referencing it and by mirroring the placeholder text as it is on the UI, we're removing any/all doubt or chances of confusion as to what we're talking about. But it's up to the writer for what they want to do because both are *technically* correct.

> but I believe we landed on removing the following "..." from it.
Don't know where this came from 😄 ``` guilabel:`Search` bar``` isn't correct, to me, because that's not how it's labeled on the UI. If we do the gui version, please include the ellipses.

cc: @jero-odoo

   :guilabel:`Virtual Locations/Scrap` location.

.. _scrap_components/scrap-window:

> Open the Scrap pop-up window
> ============================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scrap pop-up window
===================
```

Reviewer: just a bit more concise

Scrapping components and finished products is done through the :guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up window.

> The pop-up window can be accessed from an |MO| in the backend, or the Shop Floor module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up window can be accessed from an |MO| in the backend, or via the *Shop
Floor* module.
```

Scrap component from Manufacturing
----------------------------------

To scrap a component from an |MO|, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing -->
Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`, and then select an |MO|. At the top of the |MO|, click the
:guilabel:`Scrap` button to open the :guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up window.

Scrap finished product from Manufacturing
-----------------------------------------

To scrap a finished product from an |MO|, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing -->
Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`. Select an open |MO|, and then click the :guilabel:`Produce
All` button to close it.

To select an |MO| that has already been closed, navigate to :menuselection:`Manufacturing -->
Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`, remove the :guilabel:`To Do` filter from the

> :guilabel:`Search...` bar, and then select the desired |MO|.

Reviewer: same 'search bar' comment as above... unsure what the right call is here

Once closed, click the :guilabel:`Scrap` button at the top of the |MO| to open the :guilabel:`Scrap`
pop-up window.

Scrap component from Shop Floor
-------------------------------

To scrap a component from the *Shop Floor* module, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Shop
Floor`. Then, either click the :guilabel:`⋮ (three vertical dots)` button on an |MO| card, or select
a work center from the top navigation, and click the :guilabel:`⋮ (three vertical dots)` button on a
work order card.

Either method opens the :guilabel:`What do you want to do?` pop-up window. Click the

> :guilabel:`Scrap` button on the window to open the :guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Scrap` button on the :guilabel:`What do you want to do?` pop-up window to open the
:guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up window.
```
added specificity

Scrap pop-up window
===================

> After opening the scrap pop-up window using one of the methods :ref:`detailed above
> <scrap_components/scrap-window>`, select the component or finished product being scrapped, from the
> :guilabel:`Product` drop-down menu. In the :guilabel:`Quantity` field, enter the quantity being
> scrapped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After opening the :guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up window using one of the methods :ref:`detailed above
<scrap_components/scrap-window>`, select the component or finished product being scrapped, from the
:guilabel:`Product` drop-down menu.

In the :guilabel:`Quantity` field, enter the quantity being scrapped.
```

By default, the :guilabel:`Source Location` field is set to the warehouse's pre-production location,
while the :guilabel:`Scrap Location` field is set to the :guilabel:`Virtual Locations/Scrap`
location. If either the source or scrap location should be changed, select a different location from
their respective drop-down menus.

> Enable the :guilabel:`Replenish Scrapped Quantities` checkbox if a picking order should be created
> to replace the scrapped component(s) upon confirmation of the scrap order. This option should only
> be enabled for warehouses with :doc:`two-step <two_step_manufacturing>` or :doc:`three-step
> <three_step_manufacturing>` manufacturing enabled, since components are not picked as part of the
> :doc:`one-step <one_step_manufacturing>` manufacturing process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the :guilabel:`Replenish Scrapped Quantities` checkbox if a picking order should be created
to replace the scrapped component(s) upon confirmation of the scrap order.

This option should only be enabled for warehouses with :doc:`two-step <two_step_manufacturing>` or
:doc:`three-step <three_step_manufacturing>` manufacturing enabled, since components are not picked
as part of the :doc:`one-step <one_step_manufacturing>` manufacturing process.
```

Author: I'd like to keep this paragraph together since there are only two sentences, and the second is directly referencing the first.

   :guilabel:`Search...` bar to display all virtual locations. From the list, select the
   :guilabel:`Virtual Locations/Scrap` location.

> .. _scrap_components/scrap-window:

Reviewer 4: Custom anchor formatting
```suggestion
.. _manufacturing/management/scrap-window:
```

Scrap pop-up window
===================

Scrapping components and finished products is done through the :guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up window.

> The pop-up window can be accessed from an |MO| in the backend, or the Shop Floor module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pop-up window can be accessed from an |MO| in the backend, or the *Shop Floor* module.
```
just adding the necessary * to the module name here. Like we discussed, you don't have to add the 'Scrap' title to this sentence re: pop-up window, as it was just mentioned the sentence prior -- as you pointed out yesterday 👍

> Scrapping components and finished products is done through the :guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up window.
> The pop-up window can be accessed from an |MO| in the backend, or the *Shop Floor* module.

Reviewer 4: Early line break
```suggestion
Scrapping components and finished products is done through the :guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up window. The
pop-up window can be accessed from an |MO| in the backend, or the *Shop Floor* module.
```

Scrap component from Manufacturing
----------------------------------

To scrap a component from an |MO|, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing -->
Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`, and then select an |MO|. At the top of the |MO|, click the
:guilabel:`Scrap` button to open the :guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up window.

Scrap finished product from Manufacturing
-----------------------------------------

To scrap a finished product from an |MO|, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing -->
Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`. Select an open |MO|, and then click the :guilabel:`Produce
All` button to close it.

To select an |MO| that has already been closed, navigate to :menuselection:`Manufacturing -->
Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`, remove the :guilabel:`To Do` filter from the

> :guilabel:`Search...` bar, and then select the desired |MO|.

Reviewer: same search bar comment as above... let's go with :guilabel:`Search` bar, per the decision you got from ZST the other day (just removing the "...")

Author: Same comment as above.

Once closed, click the :guilabel:`Scrap` button at the top of the |MO| to open the :guilabel:`Scrap`
pop-up window.

Scrap component from Shop Floor
-------------------------------

To scrap a component from the *Shop Floor* module, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Shop
Floor`. Then, either click the :guilabel:`⋮ (three vertical dots)` button on an |MO| card, or select
a work center from the top navigation, and click the :guilabel:`⋮ (three vertical dots)` button on a
work order card.

Either method opens the :guilabel:`What do you want to do?` pop-up window. Click the
:guilabel:`Scrap` button on the window to open the :guilabel:`Scrap` pop-up window.

Scrap pop-up window
===================

After opening the scrap pop-up window using one of the methods :ref:`detailed above

> <scrap_components/scrap-window>`, select the component or finished product being scrapped, from the
> :guilabel:`Product` drop-down menu.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<manufacturing/management/scrap-window>`, select the component or finished product being scrapped,
from the :guilabel:`Product` drop-down menu.
```
